Release Notes updates for Power (#27253)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-6-release-notes.adoc

    ./redhat-operator-index-manifests/imageContentSourcePolicy.yaml \
    ./redhat-operator-index-manifests/mapping.txt
----
+

> * For {product-title} on IBM Power Systems the following minimum requirements apply:

Reviewer: Can we change `minimum` to `recommended`?

> * For {product-title} on IBM Power Systems the following minimum requirements apply:

Reviewer 2: Please mention powervm because this issue is specific to powervm.

Reviewer 2: For {product-title} on IBM Power Systems on powervm, the following minimum requirements apply:

> * For {product-title} on IBM Power System on powervm, the following recommended requirements apply:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For {product-title} on IBM Power Systems on PowerVM, the following requirements are recommended:
```

Reviewer 3: Updated with a force push
